signatures: Prevent accepting events without at least one valid signature (#1503)
ruma/ruma: crates/ruma-signatures/CHANGELOG.md

# [unreleased]

> Improvements:

Reviewer: A nitpick but this should be `Bug fixes`.

> Improvements:
> 
> * Ignore keys with unknown algorithms in `verify_events`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bug fixes:

- Ignore keys with unknown algorithms in `verify_events`
```
